Home page update (#19)
fsprojects/TickSpec: README.md

2. Easily execute the behaviour against matching F# 'ticked' methods, or attribute-tagged C# or F# methods.

> 3. Run via your normal test runners (xUnit, NUnit or standalone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run via your normal test runners or plugins (xUnit, NUnit or standalone)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Set breakpoints in the scenarios and go. This is currently supported in .NET Framework version of TickSpec only, .NET Standard version alows debugging of implementation only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set breakpoints in the scenarios, step definitions or your code and go (setting breakpoints in the Gherkin is currently not supported in .NET Standard version)
```

> 4. Set breakpoints in the scenarios and go. This is currently supported in .NET Framework version of TickSpec only, .NET Standard version alows debugging of implementation only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set breakpoints in the scenarios, step definitions or your code and go (setting breakpoints in the Gherkin is currently not supported in .NET Standard version)
```
